docs: describe how to deploy systemd templates (#512)
voxpupuli/puppet-systemd: README.md

}
```

If you're using "template" units (those with a `@` in it), you can

> simply enable it with a `service` resource. This, for example, will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simply enable an instance of the template with a `service` resource. This, for example, will
```
